Add Alerts on OpsGenie (#1)
edreanernst/node-red-contrib-opsgenie: README.md

      - [msg.payload](#msgpayload)
      - [msg.identifier](#msgidentifier)
      - [msg.identifierType](#msgidentifiertype)

>     - [Read Action](#alert-reader)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Alert Read](#alert-reader)
```

        "note": "Node was here!"
    }
}
```
---

> ### Alert Reader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alert Read
```

> This node will pull the existing alerts from your OpsGennie Setup according the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This node will pull the existing alerts from your Opsgenie setup according the configuration.
```

#### Read msg.action

> This is a string field where an the type of question is can be specified (e.g. alerts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a string field where the type of action can be specified (e.g. list)
```

Possible values are:

> * "alerts"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* "list"
```

>   * When trigered, this type will retreive the alerts from the [Alerts API Endpoint](https://docs.opsgenie.com/docs/alert-api#list-alerts) producing on message per alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * When triggered, this action will retrieve a list of the alerts from the [Alerts API Endpoint](https://docs.opsgenie.com/docs/alert-api#list-alerts) producing one message per alert.
```

## Examples

### Get current alerts
```
"msg": {

>     "action": "alerts"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "action": "list"
```

}
```

> #### Example of an Msg produced per Alert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example of a message produced per alert
```

```
"msg": {

>   "event_type": "OpsGenie Alert",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "event_type": "Opsgenie Alert",
```

>   "topic": "OpsGenie Alert",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "topic": "Opsgenie Alert",
```
